Add SOCKS5 ssh proxy for git docs (#1083)
fluxcd/website: content/en/docs/cheatsheets/bootstrap.md

      labelSelector: app.kubernetes.io/part-of=flux
```

### Git repository access via SOCKS5 ssh proxy

> If your cluster must use an SOCKS5 ssh proxy to reach Github or other external
> Git servers, you must set `ALL_PROXY=socks5://<proxy-address>:<port>` to allow
> the Flux source-controller and image-automation-controller to connect through
> the proxy.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion

If your cluster has internet restrictions, requiring all egress traffic to go through a proxy, you must
use a SOCKS5 ssh proxy to be able to reach Github (or other external Git servers) via SSH.

To configure a socks5 proxy set the environment variable `ALL_PROXY` to allow both
source-controller and image-automation-controller to connect through the proxy.

`ALL_PROXY=socks5://<proxy-address>:<port>`

```

Author: Updated. Thanks.
